>Completed Introduction to Agile: Scrum Basics training
>Part of Deloitte's Cloud Rainmakers Band.
>Confirming schedules and Filing Efforts regularly.
>Certified MCIA exam before 14th Feb 2022
>Certified DP 900 Azure Exam before 14th Feb 2022
>DTE compliance,StaffIT,Resume Compliance  mandatory courses completed
>Joined the WM(Waste Management) team recently.
>got an overview client's business and how they are functioning.
>Gone through the KT's,Attending Meetings to understand the functional and technical requirements of a client.
> Completed all Compliance Trainings.
>Participated in Impact Day Celebration
>Seeking out opportunities to connect and learn from everyone around me.
>I value learning and regularly seek out opportunities to learn something new and of value to my work efforts.
>Preparing for Mulesoft's MCIA Certification Exam.
>Preparing for Azure Dp-900 Exam.  
>Filling Efforts

Amiya hit the ground running at WM Client where he provided
extensive support to ensure timely completion of quality project deliverable.
He Understood the client requirements,prepared prototypes,Built integration flows,supported with testing, tracked defects to resolution, and provided post-go-live support working
directly with Deloitte and Client leadership to report on and escalate issues. The Client shared
that Amiya was a key to the project success. When unstaffed, he edited resumes and collected
core data for a $20 million Life Sciences proposal that Deloitte won.

Amiya is a team player and collaborates effectively. He has mentored
and trained new team members during onboarding and participates in account culture building
efforts.

Suryakant was responsible for the development of the integration modules
and delivered code ahead of schedule with minimal defects. His work contributed to add-on work
that expanded workflow capabilities. Additionally, he developed strong relationships with his
Client counterpart who asked for him by name in the extension.

Suryakant led the well-being initiative for her account which helped
institute a “no internal meetings after 4pm” rule. She also led team yoga sessions at both the
account and Offering level. Finally, she organized and led her Offering walking challenge which
inspired comradery in a virtual environment.

As developer on WM Client, a large complex implementation,
Suryakant’s impact was seen immediately. Replacing a prior lead during testing, his team was
impressed by seamless transition. Unfortunately, due to project shutdown, his time was cut short.
He’s recently become active with a pursuit team and has helped leverage his prior relationships to
make introductions.

Sam did not participate in formal people initiatives, however, he was
seen as a team player and solid contributor during his time on the project.

Natasha is a go to person for her clients thanks to her eminence and
ability to manage ambiguous situations effectively. She has been pulled into two different
projects at the same time and has been able to manage both situations effectively. Both of her
projects have had tight project timelines and she has been able to produce quality work for both.
She enables her team members to deliver error free deliverables without impacting timelines and
is extremely effective at managing up.

Natasha has actively participated in recruitment initiatives and has
mentored over 15 new hires. She worked not only as the University of San Francisco recruitment
lead, but she volunteered her time as an on-campus mentor for Sophomores at the university.

Sean is owning the C-suite relationship at his client and is seen across
all 4 account workstreams as the Key HC Leader. He owns and drives broad strategic
conversations with Deloitte and client leadership. So far, Sean's strategic relationship building has
led to a second phase of work, and $0.5M in sales. Additionally, he has first chair sales at XYZ
Client as well as other large retail clients. Sean tailored his XYZ Client strategy to capture $17M in
sales across the C&IP industry.

Sean is a sought after Coach, currently managing 5 Coachees and
several other informal mentees. He is a strong developer of people and provides enriching
experiences to junior practitioners. Sean has made significant people impact this year, most
notably leading the HC GSAP program.